core/consensus: add new consensus round timer (#3440)
ObolNetwork/charon: docs/consensus.md

When a node starts, it sequentially mutates the list of preferred consensus protocols by processing the cluster configuration file and then the mentioned CLI flag. The final list of preferred protocols is then passed to the Priority protocol for cluster-wide consensus. Until the Priority protocol reaches consensus, the cluster will use the default QBFT v2.0 protocol for any duties.

## Consensus Round Duration

> There are three diferent round timer implementations. These timers define the duration of each consensus round and how the timing adjusts for subsequent rounds.

Reviewer: typo: diferent

### Increasing Round Timer

The `IncreasingRoundTimer` uses a linear increment strategy for round durations. It starts with a base duration and increases by a fixed increment for each subsequend round. The formula for a given round `n` is `Duration = IncRoundStart + (IncRoundIncrease * n)`.

### Eager Double Linear Round Timer

The `EagerDoubleLinearRoundTimer` aligns start times across participants by starting at an absolute time and doubling the round duration when the leader is active. The round duration increases linearly according to `LinearRoundInc`. This aims to fix an issue with the original solution where the leader resets the timer at the start of the round while others reset when they receive the justified pre-prepare which leads to leaders getting out of sync with the rest.

> ### Exponential Round Timer

Reviewer: Could you please add CLI flag example of how to enable the specific timer?
Also, mention which one is default and that all nodes of the cluster must use the same consistent setting, otherwise the consensus would fail.

Reviewer: Users would likely question themselves what timer to use, would be good to explain a bit what we recommend (the default one) and what difference makes the Exponential timer. Soon when we release this, NOPs will 100% ask this question and we can simply point them to this documentation.

When a node starts, it sequentially mutates the list of preferred consensus protocols by processing the cluster configuration file and then the mentioned CLI flag. The final list of preferred protocols is then passed to the Priority protocol for cluster-wide consensus. Until the Priority protocol reaches consensus, the cluster will use the default QBFT v2.0 protocol for any duties.

## Consensus Round Duration

There are three different round timer implementations. These timers define the duration of each consensus round and how the timing adjusts for subsequent rounds. All nodes in a cluster must use the same timer implementation to ensure proper consensus operation.

The default implementation is the `EagerDoubleLinearRoundTimer`, which is recommended for most deployments. Other round timers can be enabled or disabled by using the `--feature-set-enable <timer-name>` and `--feature-set-disable <timer-name>` flags.

### Increasing Round Timer

> The `IncreasingRoundTimer` uses a linear increment strategy for round durations. It starts with a base duration and increases by a fixed increment for each subsequend round. The formula for a given round `n` is `Duration = IncRoundStart + (IncRoundIncrease * n)`. To enable this timer, disable the default timer by using the flag `--feature-set-disable "eager_double_linear"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `IncreasingRoundTimer` uses a linear increment strategy for round durations. It starts with a base duration and increases by a fixed increment for each subsequent round. The formula for a given round `n` is `Duration = IncRoundStart + (IncRoundIncrease * n)`. To enable this timer, disable the default timer by using the flag `--feature-set-disable "eager_double_linear"`.
```

### Eager Double Linear Round Timer

The `EagerDoubleLinearRoundTimer` aligns start times across participants by starting at an absolute time and doubling the round duration when the leader is active. The round duration increases linearly according to `LinearRoundInc`. This aims to fix an issue with the original solution where the leader resets the timer at the start of the round while others reset when they receive the justified pre-prepare which leads to leaders getting out of sync with the rest. This timer is enabled by default and doesn't require additional flags.

### Exponential Round Timer

> The `ExponentialRoundTimer` increases round durations exponentially. It provides a sufficient timeout for the initial round and grows from a smaller base timeout for subsequent rounds. The idea behind this timer is, after the first timeout, the remaninig nodes already had time to fetch their proposals and therefore won't need as much time to reach consensus as for the first round. The shorter subsequent rounds allows us to more quickly skip faulty leader when compared to both `IncreasingRoundTimer` and `EagerDoubleLinearRoundTimer`, giving more leaders a chance to advance the protocol before its too late. To enable this timer, use the flag `--feature-set-enable "exponential"`. Since this timer has precendence over the `EagerDoubleLinearRoundTimer` there is no need to disable the default timer.

Reviewer 2: As we are doing this for proposals, it will apply for any duty. Can we make it a bit more generic here:

```suggestion
The `ExponentialRoundTimer` increases round durations exponentially. It provides a sufficient timeout for the initial round and grows from a smaller base timeout for subsequent rounds. The idea behind this timer is, that the consensus timeout includes fetching the signing data. As all nodes do that at the start, irregardless if they are leader or not, after the first timeout, the remaining nodes already had time to fetch their signing data. Therefore they won't need as much time to reach consensus as the leader for the first round did. The shorter subsequent rounds allow us to more quickly skip underperforming leader when compared to both `IncreasingRoundTimer` and `EagerDoubleLinearRoundTimer`, giving more leaders a chance to advance the protocol before its too late. To enable this timer, use the flag `--feature-set-enable "exponential"`. Since this timer has precedence over the `EagerDoubleLinearRoundTimer` there is no need to disable the default timer.
```
